DOCS-9040: Security context map (#25738)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/security_inbox.md

**Note**: The type of finding, detected risk, or impacted resource does not influence prioritization.

## Using the security context map to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities

> The security context map for [Attack Paths](#types-of-findings-in-security-inbox) provides a comprehensive view to help identify and address potential breach points, effectively mapping interconnected misconfigurations, permission gaps, and vulnerabilities that attackers might exploit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security context map for [Attack Paths](#types-of-findings-in-security-inbox) provides a comprehensive view to help identify and address potential breach points. It effectively maps interconnected misconfigurations, permission gaps, and vulnerabilities that attackers might exploit.
```
